Answers to interview questions #01
==================================

Explain what RVM is and how you use it.
---------------------------------------
RVM stands for Ruby Version Manager. It allows you to work with multiple
versions of the ruby interpreter. To use it to install for e.g. the 1.9.3
version of the interpreter you would run `rvm install 1.9.3`. You would then
use it by executing `rvm use 1.9.3`. The default can be set using
`rvm --default use 1.9.3`. To switch back to the system ruby install you would
use `rvm use system`, and to switch back you would use `rvm use default`.

Explain how Ruby gems help reuse code across projects.
------------------------------------------------------
A Ruby gem is a ruby library or program. RubyGems (built in to Ruby 1.9+) allows
you to search for and install gems. They are either used directly from the
command line or used in your code, e.g. with `require`.

Explain how do you use Bundler to manage Ruby gems.
---------------------------------------------------
Bundler is itself a gem, which allows anyone who wants to run your project to
install the necessary gems. The gems required are declared in a file in the
root of the project called `Gemfile`. After installing the Bundler gem with
`gem install bundler`, the necessary gems declared in the `Gemfile` can be
installed by running `bundle install`.

Explain the structure of a Gemfile.
-----------------------------------
A Gemfile can be generated by Bundler with the default rubygems.org source by
running `bundle init`. The first line of the Gemfile is the `source` which tells
it where to look for gems. Next the version of Ruby to use should be defined (if
your application requires a specific version) with `ruby "1.9.3"`. After this the gems can be set up with `gem "my_gem"`. Gems can be grouped into categories
using:
```ruby
group :groupname do
  gem "my_gem"
end
```
This means you an restrict gems to only be required when certain environments
are running and you can specify gems not to install in the first instance with
`bundle install --without groupname`.
